326
LIST OF OUR DEAD.
whose acquaintance he had made at Clongowes Wood, and for whom he entertained an uncommon regard. The zeal of the good brother at once urged him to set about reclaiming the wanderer, and in due time his efforts were ampl}- reward- ed. By gentle reproofs and, still more, earnest counsels he induced him to resume the practice of hearing Mass on Sun- days and hol3'days. Continuing his good offices he next prevailed upon him to attend the exercises of a retreat given to the students of the University during Hol}^ Week, at the close of which he had the great satisfadlion of seeing his friend reconciled to God in the tribunal of penance, and strengthened with the Bread of the Strong on Easter morning.
Through the kindness of the late Fr. John Verdin the diffi- culties arising from Mr. Geekie's connecftion with the Masons r were smoothed away, and easily obtaining an honorable * ' demit ' ' he was freed from the bonds of their unholy associa- tion. Thoroughly converted, he felt in himself a revival of attradlion to the Society, and obedient to the call he eagerly applied for re-admission as a brother coadjutor. After a due interval, during which his sincerity was, especially on one oc- casion, put to severe test, his application was favorably re- ceived, and on the 20th of March, 1872, he entered the novi- tiate at Florissant.
In this quiet home he spent the remainder of his life, secluded from the world, and wholly averse to its bewitching smiles, as well as dead to the fortune and honors, which it had placed within his reach. By his assiduit}^ and fervor in the religious life he made ample atonement for his previous remissness in the ser\dce of God, and was to all, to beginners especiall}^ a constant source of edification b}^ the evidence he gave in his conduct of his livel}^ faith, and of his sincere piety.— R.I. P. .
1,IST OF OUR DEAD IN NORTH AMJE^RICA From Mar. 15, 1893 to June 15, iSgj.
Age
Time
Place
Fr. Eugene McSw)Tiey..
....49
Mar. 21
St. Thomas, Md.
Mr. Charles Portis
. ... 20
Mar. 23
St. L,ouis, Mo.
••••54
Mar. 24
St. Boniface, Manitoba.
Mr. James A. Flannery .
• 30
Mar. 25
Grand Coteau, La.
....27
Mar. 27
St. Louis, Mo.
Fr. Joseph F. Rimmele...
, 62
Apr. 6
Detroit, Mich.
Apr. II
San Francisco, Cal.
Fr. Joseph Hebert
•••59
May 8
Fort William, Ont.
Mr. Lawrence Casserly...
...24
May 31
Santa Clara, Cal.
...70
June 14
Macon, Ga.
Fr. John Resther
...70
June 15
Quebec, Canada.
lieqniescaut iii Pace,
