LIST OF OUR DEAD.
155
dear Father," she replied, ''but I wonder that you should now think of so little a thing as this, when you have suffered so much greater loss. Mine would have been nothing had you forgotten it entirely." When the college was rebuilt he resumed his office for another term. During this time, as well as before, he endeared himself to the Ordinaries of the diocese from which the most of his pupils came, and whither he had come to beg for his ruined house, and was employed by them in various offices for which his attainments in theol- ogy and literature fitted him in an eminent manner.
After his terms of office expired, he was a missionary in Maine, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island, but principally in Maryland and the Distri(5l of Columbia. He everywhere made hosts of friends and commended himself to superiors and the people by his zealous attention to duty, carefully preparing his sermons, a difficult task for a foreigner, yet so faithfully fulfilled that few knew of the difficulty. He was so attentive to the sick and infirm, especially the poor, and so assiduous in the confessional that his reputation for san(5lity was universal.
When obliged from infirmity of body to withdraw from a(5live work, he was always ready to hear the confessions of the callers, and there were many every day in his last mission at St. Aloysius, Washington. When not employed in this labor of love for the neighbor his devotion to our Blessed Mother always put in his hands her Rosary, which anyone could see him reciting devoutly and with great recolledlion in the corridor before his room, many times during the day. At last mind yielded to the infirmity of body and he was com- pelled to yield to the great destroyer. Weakened in mind and body he passed away in this condition governed by his simplicity of faith even to the last. — R. I. P.
IJST OP OUR DEAD IN NORTH AMERICA From Nov. 15, 1893 to April 15, 1894.
Fr. Florentine J. Boiidreaux
Fr. Patrick S. Murphy
Fr. Henry J. Votel •
Mr. Francis vSimonitsch
Fr. Anthony F. Ciampi
Br. Joseph Brenner Mr. William Venn Br. John McElroy..
Age Time Place
77 ' Nov. 24 Washington, D. C.
42 Dec. 23 Prairie du Chien,Wi,s.
22 Dec. 26
81 Jan. 15 vSt. Mary's, Boston.
72 Jan. 30 Chicago, 111.
39 Feb. 7 Frederick, Md.
41 Mar. 6 Florissant, Mo.
18 Mar. 19 1,0s Gatos, Cal.
Requiescant in Pace.
