318
LIST OF OUR DEAD.
one to communicate with the college. A despatch conveyed information of his state, and a carriage was sent with the doctor and vSpiritual Father; but, meantime, a cab had been procured, and he was driven in this inconvenient vehicle, over the rough Virginia roads, and reached home during Lit- anies. The case seemed hopeless from the beginning, and the last sacraments were administered without delay. At one time, after two or three weeks of uncertainty, there seemed to be a hope of recovery, and he remarked that he had resigned himself to die, and after the preparation, it would be much harder to look forward to years of helpless ina(5livity. He lingered on until Friday, November 2, cheer- ful and resigned, and conscious until within twenty-four hours of death, which occurred at an hour after midnight, when the Church commemorates all the Faithful Departed. — R. I. P.
Father Julius Pottgeiskr.
Father Pottgeiser was born at Coblentz on the Rhine, March 10, 18 13, entered the Society at Ertavayais, Switzer- land, September 29, 1831, was ordained priest at Fribourg, April 8, 1846, and was sent to America in May, 1848. Hav- ing spent three years as profcvssor and preacher at Fordham, N. Y., he returned to Germany in 1851, where he became well known as a most efficient missionary ; together with other fathers of the Society he gave missions in the principal cities of Germany. When the Society was expelled from Germany he came, in November 1871, again to this country and spent ten more years in missionary labors among the Germans in the Buffalo Mission, and was for a number of years preacher in St. Michael's church, Buffalo. When he became too feeble for this work he prepared a German edition of his sermons for Sundays and festivals, which was soon fol- lowed b}^ an English translation. Comforted by the conso- lations of Holy Church, Father Pottgeiser died peacefully and without pain, at Canisius College, Buffalo, N. Y., De- cember 2, 1894. — I- ^- — Fordham Monthly.
I,IST OP OUR Dp AD IN NORTH A3IPRICA
Prom Peb. 15 to May 15, 1895.
Age Time Place
Fr. Anselm Ussana;^ 76 Mar. 7 Grand Coteau, La.
Fr. Andrew P. Keating 52 "22 Jersey City, N. J.
Fr. Stanislaus P. Lalumiere 73 "23 Cincinnati, Ohio.
Fr. Henry P>. Tarr 40 Apr. 3 Tampa, Florida.
Fr. John B. De Wolf. 74 " 9 St. Francis Xavier's New York.
Fr. George Hieber 58 " 13 Buffalo, New York.
Fr. Francis X. Nopper 63 " 16 Holy Cross, Worcester, Mass.
Br. Nicholas Curtius so " 25 Canisius College, Buffalo, N. Y.
Fr. James A. Ward 82 " 29 Georgetown Coll., Wash'n, D. C.
Jleqiiiescant in Pace.
