LIST OF OUR DEAD.
495
stru(5lure was reared above the ruins. For nearly twenty- years he remained in San Jose until the name of Father Con- giato, revered by all, had become a word of love and an un- failing power for good throughout the city. In 1883 he was once more called to the Superiorship of the Mission, but owing to his declining years, the infirmities of old age, and the love in which his people held him, he was permitted to reside in San Jose. Five years later the charge of the mission was given to Rev. Joseph Sasia, and Father Congiato, broken down with years and labor retired to the novitiate at L/OS Gatos, which claims him as its founder and beloved father. Here he passed the last six years and a half of his life, adling now as minister, now as socius to the master of novices or as spiritual father ; or else, while health permitted, teaching lyatin to the youngest portion of the community, and in the few leisure moments his infirmities left him, translating Al- varez's Latin Grammar for the less advanced of his pupils. He was naturally a man of energy and work, strong in char- acter and resolute in will ; and in the light of these qualities, his burning charity for his neighbor, and large-hearted com- passion for the distressed, his simple and tender devotion to St. Joseph and to the Holy Souls, and finally his touching love for the Society, gleamed forth in his adlions with rarer, loftier beauty. The aged father passed the last few months left him within his room, patient, resigned, and wrapt in close and tender union with God. And the Lord whom he had served so truly sent him a sweet and peaceful death. Thus, with his mind clear to the last, and raised in ceaseless prayer, he passed to the presence of his maker on the loth of May, 1897.— R. I-
L,IST OP OUR Dl^AD IN NORTH AMERICA I'rom June 15, 1897 to Nov. i, 1897.
Age
Time
Place
Br. Theodore Vachon
74
Jun.
17
Woodstock, Md.
Br. Timothy 0' Sullivan
85
Jun.
20
Loyola College, Baltimore.
Mr. Frederick Peterson , ,
18
Jun.
28
Los Gatos, California.
81
Jul.
I
Holy Cross College, Mass.
.. 82
Jul.
7
Montreal, Canada.
Br. Martin Ealy
.. 67
Jul.
9
St. John's Coll. Fordham, N. Y.
Fr. D. Leo Brand
.. 44
Jul.
17
Georgetown College, D. C.
,. 68
Aug.
7
St. Louis, Mo.
.. 82
Aug.
Santa Clara, Cal.
43
Sep.
7
Missoula, Montana.
Mr. Thomas O'Brien
.. 23
Sep.
17
Macon, Georgia.
.. 46
oa.
4
Sault-au-R6collet, Canada.
Odl.
21
Los Gatos, Cal.
•• 77
oa.
24
Boston College, Mass.
.. 70
30
Metz, Germany.
Beqiiiescant in Pace.
