LIST OF OUR DEAD.
389
of the California Mission. I^ove of work, a kind word for all, a fatherly interest in those who had been his pupils, ren- dered him dear to all and worthy of the affecflionate esteem with which he was regarded by his religious brethren and extems.
Father lyconard was of a fervid and imperious charadler, a circumstance that made his religious virtues the more ad- mirable. He was a humble, obedient, zealous religious ; an example and edification to young and old alike by his ever faithful observance of rule and by the control he ex- ercised over his impetuous nature in moments of trial. On one occasion in particular, when over seventy years of age, he was seen to bear with meekness and silence a storm of bitter and unmerited abuse. Another instance in point oc- curred when age and infirmities obliged Superiors to withhold from him permission to say Mass ; a privation which he felt keenly, but bore with edifying meekness.
One of the most marked of Father I^eonard's good quali- ties was the earnestness with which he undertook and faith- fully fulfilled, in spite of difficulties of no small moment, whatever had been assigned to him by obedience. Even in his decline, his love of work made him wish to be employed, at least in teaching his dear mathematics ; but his days of adlive service were over, and he must in patience wait for his reward.
For some time his vigorous constitution had been gradually weakening under advancing years, until he finally succumbed to old age in the eighty-fourth year of his life and the thirty- sixth since his entrance into the Society.
Father Leonard will ever be remembered with reverence and affec5lion by those of the present generation who had learned to know and love him while he was yet among us.
R. I. P.
I,IST OF OUR D^AD IN NORTH AMERICA
From September 1904 to January, 1905.
Age Time
Place
Br. Louis Jerome
64 Sep. 13 Port Arthur, Canada
Fr. Francis Fullerton
56 Oct. 23 Georgetown, D. C.
Fr. Edward H. Welch
82 Dec. 2 Georgetown, D. C.
Fr. William B. Brownrigg, Fr. Augustine K. Meyer....
50 Dec. 27 Cincinnati, Ohio
50 Dec. 14 Philadelphia, Pa.
Beqrdescant in Pace.
