LIST OF OUR DEAD
419
An Indexed Synopsis of the Grammar of Assent by John J. TooHEY, s. J., lyongmans, Green & Co., N. Y. Of the many favorable reviews that have appeared both in England and America of Mr. Toohey's little volume, the following from the pen of Fr. Michael Maher, of Stonyhurst, so well known from his work on Psychology, seems well worth re- printing. The original, of which we give but an extrac5l, appeared in the Catholic Weekly^ an English journal.
"Whatever be the ultimate trend of theological and phi- losophical thought on these topics, anything that helps to make Newman's own teaching clearer is obviously a gain. Consequently a most welcome and useful little volume at the present time is the "Indexed Synopsis of the Grammar of Assent," compiled by Rev. J. J. Toohey, s. j. (Longmans). The work coming from America is a further evidence of the 'live' characfter of Newman's teaching across the Atlantic as well as on the Continent of Europe. Given in the form adopted by the Jesuit writer, who is apparently in general sympathy with the author's dodlrine, it is useful as a careful, painstaking effort to present in convenient form and in an impartial manner Newman's teaching on all the main con- ceptions treated of in the Grammar of Assent. The book is an index or key, rather than as a synopsis, but anyhow it is a very convenient instrument to help one to find at once Newman's entire teaching in the ' Grammar ' on such im- portant terms as Belief, Assent, Certitude, Conscience, Doubt, Inference, Notion, et hoc genus omne. At a time when so subtle a writer as Newman is interpreted in differ- ent ways by friends and foes, it is a distindl advantage to have so handy a method of referring to all the original refe- rences in which the term has been employed b}^ him."
I,1ST OF OUR D^Aiy IN NORTH AMI^RICA From October 15 to December 30, 1906.
Age Time Place
Fr. Martin J. Hollohan 47 Odl. 19 Georgetown, D, C.
Br, Bernard Knoche 65 Odl. 24 Prairie du Chien, Wis.
Br. Charles Asti 83 Odt. 31 Santa Clara, Cal.
Fr. John A. Morgan 68 Nov, 26 Washington, D, C.
Br, Joseph Pirisi 85 Dec. 2 L,os Gatos, Cal.
Br. Thomas Kelly 41 Dec. 8 Pendleton, Wash.
Fr. Henry M, Ferrari 67 Dec. 12 I^as Vegas, N. M.
Fr. John A. Chester 53 Dec. 20 New York, N, Y.
Fr, James F. Holland 72 Dec. 26 Denver, Col.
Reqiiiescant in pace
